>Reviewer's Comments: I read the new revised version with interest. Here are my
>main comments.

>1- I still object to the strategy adopted by the authors to NOT use a
>shock-divergence term in the vector potential equation. The authors explain
>that "the sixth-order Pencil code does require a small amount of mass
>divergence as well in order to ensure numerical stability when wall heating
>occurs from the interaction of strong shocks". I totally agree with this
>careful use of a stabilising mechanism in presence of strong shocks. I am
>however not convinced that removing this term in the vector potential equation
>is a wise choice, especially in the context of magnetic dynamos. Indeed, it is
>crucial to separate a true dynamo from a spurious one seeded by a numerical
>instability. I may be wrong, though. This is why I suggest that the authors try
>to repeat the same numerical experiment, keeping the divergence term in the
>vector potential equation. If the dynamo disappears completely then it is
>probably spurious. If the dynamo effect still occurs, then why not keeping the
>divergence term in the vector potential equation for sake of consistency and
>stability ?

The application of artificial viscosity in shocks is a necessary numerical 
device to resolve the discontinuity in the momentum equation when using finite 
differences and the authors have validated its application in Gent et al. 2020,
as well as earlier work by, for example, Stone and Norman 1992. Our previously
published tests (Gent PhD 2012, Gent et al 2013 and Gent et al 2020) to
reproduce the Sedov Taylor and Snowplough solutions for supernova remnants have
been considered only against these analytical solutions and our early modelling
of SN driven turbulence in the hydrodynamic regime only, in the latter of
which the shock diffusion in the continuity and energy equations were also found
to be necessary for numerical stability. Inclusion, therefore, of the shock
resistivity in Gent et al 2013 was based on the assumption that it would also be
required for numerical stability. This was a novel experimental technique that
was not based on any theoretical premise nor systematic trials, and we have
subsequently determined it is not required and has the effect of speeding up
reconnection and unphysically removing magnetic field in the remnant shells. In
Gent et al 2013 this was insufficient to suppress the small scale dynamo and
does not substantially affect the large scale dynamo, but may be responsible for
the significantly weaker proportion of turbulent field obtained at saturation of
the large scale dynamo than anticipated from observations. In our latest
simulations of large scale dynamo, in preparation for our follow up papers, the
turbulent field is considerably stronger in the late stages than in Gent et al
2013.

As requested by the referee we have conducted an additional experiment with 1pc
resolution and Pm=10, but with shock resistivity included in the model. We 
attach a copy for the editor and the referee, but not for inclusion in the
letter, which confirms that the SSD persists, but with reduced growth rate and 
lower saturation level than the model without shock resistivity. We hope this
now satisfies the referee and editor that the SSD in  our models is in fact 
physical and not due to numerical instability due to shocks. The differences in
the solutions are physical, entirely explained by the destruction of magnetic
field due to reconnection under compression. We attach a slice of magnetic
for both models at the same time and location. This also explains the lower
saturation, where the equilibrium between dynamo growth and turbulent diffusion
occurs at a lower energy. We also conclude that the divergence term in the
induction equation should not be included because it creates unphyiscal effects,
which would materially alter the turbulent properties of the magnetic field, and
it is not necessary. Any artificial numerical devices should be avoided, where
possible.

>2- The new figure 2 shows the kinetic energy in the box. It shows variations
>between a factor of 2 up to a factor of 10. This is far from being a true
>stationary state. I however agree with the authors that using the kinetic
>energy as a reference is better to illustrate the saturation level of the
>dynamo. I would therefore not fight them further on this point.

Noted.

>3- I am very surprised by the answer of the authors regarding the density
>fluctuations in their simulations. May be I misunderstood but I have the
>impression that there is a confusion between the mean density in the box, who
>should remain constant as mass is conserved, and the density variance or the
>r.m.s density in the box that should scale with the Mach number (at least for
>isothermal turbulence). For an adiabatic shock, one expect a compression of a
>factor of 4, and much more for a radiative shock with cooling. I would
>therefore expect in these simulations a wide range of densities.  In the
>context of ideal MHD, the frozen-in magnetic field evolution would result in a
>B \propto \rho^2/3 relation. I agree with the authors that it cannot explain
>many order of magnitude field amplification but it can certainly explain factor
>of 10, depending on the shock compression ratio. 

The mean density in all models remains 1 ppcm. It is evident from our inspection
of the snapshots that magnetic field at some times and locations is stronger in
hot diffuse regions than in the warm denser regions. The frozen-in assumption
therefore does not apply. Analysis and explanation of this behaviour is
complicated and requires extensive further investigation.

In addition to this written response, we have aesthetically modified the
y-axis labels in Figure 5 to span two lines, but otherwise resubmit the letter
trusting the evidence and arguments offered satisfy the residual doubts. 
